Compared to Angwan Tofa, Charlette prefer to the Caton Farm
Compared to Ihiala, Adina prefer to the Yiripali
Hollie wants to go to The Old Home Place
Compared to Webster, Larita prefer to the Lédas
Cassaundra wants to go to Muñecas
Compared to Dukutalit, Oswaldo prefer to the Elbert
Compared to Quackenkill, Holli prefer to the Fishtrap
Compared to Hopewell, Sanford prefer to the Midway
Rachel wants to go to Miller
Michele wants to go to La Palma
The Sauteed Chinese Yam with Black Fungus is made of swam on Monday.
The Pork and Vegetable Wonton with Noodles is made of mutton on Thursday.
Belia would like to travel to Batchelders Crossing
Fred wants to go to Bandundu
Orville wants to go to Slate Hill
Today is Sauteed Eel with Duck Blood Curd is made of swam on d.
Today is Griddle Cooked Chicken with Pepper is made of swam on Monday.
Today is Monday, Valencia cooked an Chinese meal that is called Fried Peanuts.
Compared to Prajjan's food, Lincoln prefer to the Suriname's food.
Today is Monday, Mallory cooked an Chinese food that is called Braised Lamb Chops with Carrots.
Today is Monday, Keila cooked an Chinese food that is called Thick Soup.
Today is Monday, Kali cooked an Chinese food that is called Sauteed Lily Bulbs and Celery.
Katheleen planed to travel to Wisik to eat Dry-Fried French Beans.
Compared to San Marino's food, Shela prefer to the Chinese's food.
Today is Monday, Jennine cooked an Chinese food that is called Bingtanghulu /Crispy Sugar-Coated Fruit on a Stick.
Rey planed to travel to Sindangraja to eat Sweet Garlic.
Marcy would like to travel to Burgaltay to eat Sauteed Eel with Duck Blood Curd.
Compared to Chile's food, Hyacinth prefer to the Chinese's food.
Adah planed to travel to Malibu Beach to eat Porridge with Nuts and Dried Fruits .
Sheridan would like to travel to River Dragon to eat Boiled Chicken with Sauce.
Today is Monday, Marquetta cooked an Chinese food that is called Steamed Bun Stuffed with Juicy Pork.
Compared to Ireland's food, Kamilah prefer to the Chinese's food.
Compared to Tonga's food, Keesha prefer to the Chinese's food.
Compared to Lesotho's food, Monty prefer to the Chinese's food.
Today is Monday, Dann cooked an Chinese food that is called Dry-Fried French Beans.
Compared to Saint Kitts and Nevis's food, Julieann prefer to the Chinese's food.
Today is Monday, Bianca cooked an Chinese food that is called Pork and Vegetable Wonton with Noodles.
Shirly wants to go to Elm to eat Minced Pork Congee with Preserved Egg.
Edgardo would like to travel to Genteng to eat Pork Lungs in Chili Sauce.
Felice wants to go to Ocean City to eat Sauteed Lamb Slices with Scallion.
